Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
We are continuing our journey through the book of Psalms, and on today's episode, we're excited to have Stephanie Lee reading Psalm 148.
So i'll be reading psalm 148.
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord from the heavens.
Praise him in the heights above.
Praise him, all his angels.
Praise him, all his heavenly hosts.
Praise him, son and moon.
Praise him, all you shining stars!
Praise him, you highest heavens, and you waters above the skies.
Let him praise the name of the Lord.
For at his command they were created, and he established them for ever and ever.
He issued a decree that will never pass away.
Praise the Lord from earth.
You great sea creatures in all of your ocean depths.
Lightning and hail, snow and clouds.
stormy winds the dude is bidding.
You mountains and hills, fruit trees and all cedars, wild animals and all cattle.
Small creatures and flying birds
Kings
All of the Earth and all nations
You princes and all rulers on earth, young men and women, old men and children.
Let them praise the name of the Lord.
For his name alone is exalted.
His splendor is above the earth and the heavens.
And he has raised up for his people a horn.
The praise of all his faithful servants of Israel, the people close to his heart.
Praise the Lord.
The question is:
What songs, liturgy, or activities have helped you praise the Lord in the past?
How can you praise the Lord today like never before?
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.